https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/mzzya1/how_to_disable_google_from_reading_texts/

How to disable Google from reading texts

Hello there.

I've had a google Pixel for what feels like 5 years now. I'm due for a new phone, and depending on this answer it will determine if I stay with Google or not.

The last week has really disturbed me. I've realized that Google, the manufacturer of the phone, not even the service provider, is reading my private texts and then in my Google News feed, is advertising or giving me news in relation to those texts.

Three examples:

1. I texted my friend about how we used to watch anime, Gundam Wing/Dragon Ball Z, and then an hour later when I checked my news feed, things regarding Gundam Wing and Dragon Ball Z popped up. Incredibly disturbing.
2. I told two of my friends that we should watch Mortal Kombat sometime. I then opened Fandango to check out movie times. No google searching or anything. I checked my news feed later that day, and I got three articles about Mortal Kombat's ending.
3. My friend just now texted me about a stock (MNMD). I ignored it. I don't care about pharma stocks. I just opened my news feed, and I had two posts regarding this particular stock.

This is incredibly disturbing to me, and I see nowhere in my settings that enables Google to sift through my TEXT MESSAGES to then throw ads into my face. I've disabled personalized ads, I've turned off everything pertaining to my Google Account, and this problem still persists.

If no one can find a solution, then I will be changing my cell phone ASAP. Keep in mind, this is just the phone manufacturer; not a service provider. The maker of a phone is going through my personal texts to then feed that information to advertising agencies without my permission. That's disgusting af. This was the whole reason I switched from Google to Apple 5 years ago.

I appreciate anyone's time and effort in this matter, thanks.  


\*Edit\*  
Seeing as how this subreddit has no respect for others, doesn't want to understand others, and merely downvotes, I will not be getting a newer Google Pixel. It's not right to assume, so I hate to do this, but I will assume all of you support Google or own a Pixel, and the last thing I would want to do is become like any of you. I'd give some life advice, but let's be real, most of you are never going to grow beyond what you are now.