https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/n6nv2j/my_pixel_fail_saga_fugoogle_fpixel/

My Pixel fail saga. #fugoogle #fpixel #customerservice fail

On Mobile.  Crappy tablet, may not read the best.  

First off.....fuck you google.  Fuck your weekend tech support.  Fuck your shipping  methods.  

You have a Pixel 4XL.  It has a KNOWN battery defect.  Same one the 3s have.  And the 5s.  One day, your battery will show 50%, not matter what.   The charging symbol will have a question ,mark in it.  You search it.  Google suggests a software issue.  A little more digging says, smack the back of the  phone hard.  Just to the left of the google symbol on the back of the phone.  So yo do that.  Suddenly, the phone works great again.  

Fast forward a week.  It happens again.  You do the thing again.  It works.  You check warranty status.  It expired 5 days ago.  2 days after you 'fixed' it.  Huh.  Well damn.  

The problem gets worse.   One day, in this case 5/1/21, you can't even set it down without the phone cutting off.  Drop in your pocket? Dies.  You call the factory authorized  repair center.  They tell you $99 same day, out the door.  2 hours and you'll be back online.  Sweet.

You come back 2 hours later.  Bad news.  The battery connection to the motherboard  failed.  The connector  failed, and is broken off in the motherboard.  They ask for another hour to try to get it out.  An hour passes.  Nope.  Stuck like chuck.  

They tell you google KNOWS this is an issue.  They are granting  'extended warranty  coverage' fornthos savvy enough to have looked into it.  Google doesn't answer emails on the weekend.  Itll be Monday before they  can open the ticket.  Fuck.  Ok.  You think you can make it.  Single parent, kids are at the exes becausemyour work schedule blows.  Ok.  Download text now to your old tablet, and pray for wifi.  You give this number to the tech and they test it.  Works ok.  Type 2 diabetic.  Your phone is your active CGM reciever.  Gonna be rough but, your shits under control, so no big deal.  

Sunday comes and goes.  Monday passes.  Tuesday does its thing.  You haul ass to the shop wednesday.  Parts that were  shipped 'overnight' aren't there.  Maybe tomorrow.  

You finally get a hold of the shop Thursday.  Parts are there.   Check back at 4.  Easy day.  Call at 4.  Phone is not working.  New battery, motherboard, screen, and its fucking up.  You need to come in.  

You go.  The new hardware isn't working.  It's not displaying  right.  Your options?  Wait for google to do something, or declare it unrepairable, and wait for a new phone.  6 days.  Mainly because of Google's incompetence.  Best phone you've owned in years.  Gonna upgrade early because fuck yeah, and now.....this.  a hidden problem.  Incompetent service.  An indifferent corporate structure.  

Thanks google.  You lost a customer  that used to rave about your shit.  That loved the pure bloatware  free environment.   Because for 3 generations you ignored a problem and offer subpar service to avoid losing face by issuing a statement and actually trying  to fix it.  

At least 6 days cut off unless I'm home.  6 days without diabetes monitoring.  And no one I can really contact regarding my case.  Tomorrow I have a call with the GM of the shop, who is livid, and has been the best.  

This isn't ok.  If I'd have paid for a damage claim, I'd have been back in business, but out a lot more money.  

Fuck you google.