https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/mzz1bh/my_continued_struggle_with_google_to_get_back_my/

My continued struggle with Google to get back my $1000 - A Google Customer Service Nightmare, and why I would NEVER buy anything from Google again

A positive outcome was achieved within a day after this post. I have talked about it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/n0pifs/update_on_my_refund_issue_with_google_for_my_lost/).

## I have added some updates for people who are suggesting chargebacks as an option, and also for people who think I am being impatient (which is subjective I think), and of course to people who think I am a fraudster. Also, I would like to point out that in no way do I think Google is not within their rights to investigate this, but for me this is more about customer experience, and my confidence in ever again ordering from Google vs any other brand (Amazon for e.g.). This isn't a case of something being delivered by UPS, and me contesting I never received it. The package has not been scanned since it reached UPS. It would require multiple people to screw up at various points to this being delivered to me, yet not reflecting on UPS record.

I ordered a Pixel 5, and UPS apparently lost the shipment. And even though UPS has confirmed that the package never reached me, Google is still refusing to refund my money.

I keep chatting with their team to get my refund. First 2 days, they would just tell me, "we have escalated this, please wait", when I would want to speak with the escalation agent, one chat agent told me no, and then disconnected the chat, even without waiting for a reply. Please note that at no point was I ever rude or abusive to anyone. I was slightly irate (rightfully so), but I just wanted some update.

After 2 days, UPS said they lost the package, but Google said they want UPS to complete an investigation before they will refund my money. Even though I as a consumer should not assume any responsibility of a shipping mishap, and the claims process with UPS is Google's job, apparently, Google likes to hold customer's accountable for delivery mishaps and takes zero financial liability.

If they would have just refund my money right away (like most companies would, when they failed to deliver a product), I would have gone and bought a Pixel 5, but now I would never want to deal with Google customer service again. Not only would I not buy a Pixel (or any Android phone), I have already cancelled my Youtube premium and music subscription as well. And also, the cloud infrastructure that I was planning to build (of all my data)

Imagine you ordered something from Uber Eats, and your food is not delivered, and you are hungry, and Uber says they are conducting an investigation before they can refund anything. This is basically just like that. I am out a $1000 dollars and all Google has given me is 1 email per day that "we are doing everything we can".

I understand things can go wrong with shipping, I also understand every company has its policies have, but   this is not a repair or a replacement (I can only imagine the horror of dealing with Google if there is ever a hardware issue). This was a case of a complete no show. Google issuing me a refund should not have depended on any investigation. This policy of their is highly unfair to the customers, and as far as I know is unheard of.

Yesterday I even got an email saying it was escalated to the "highest tier of support", and I thought wow, something would happen now, but it seems the answer is still the same - waiting for the investigation, and just more apology that they are literally holding my money without interest, for no reason apart from the fact that they don't want to pay me before UPS pays their claim.

I have been a long time Android/Google loyalist, but this "fuck you" policy of Google has made me realize why so many prefer Apple over Google. If it wasn't for the amazing products Google engineers make and the maps/asisstant/search/browser sync experience, absolutely no one would even think about buying Google products.

Edit 1: I cannot do a charge back, not unless I want to lose my Google account of more than a decade.

What is the timeline? Am I being just impatient? For people who want to know the exact timelines to understand whether I am being impatient, I guess whether I am being impatient, and how long is long enough is fairly subjective of course. Perhaps I am being unreasonable, or may be not. It all depends on what your experience of shipment generally is, and also how urgent is your requirement. So, I will mention the timeline here, and people can decide whether they think it's reasonable or not. Again, I don't think there is a right answer to this, and depends on each individual. It has been 1.5 weeks since the purchase, 1 week since the latest estimated delivery date, 1 week since the issue was escalated, and a little more than 1 week since UPS had any updates on their tracking. It took Google 3 days to initiate an investigation through UPS. I kept asking them if it is done, and they said it is, but when I would ask UPS, they would say they still haven't received a request for investigation. Now, I understand that UPS investigations take 10 business days, which is 2 weeks. Till now Google has not once confirmed that they will refund my money if the investigation is complete and it is finalized that I never received the phone. I asked them directly 2 times, and both times, all they have said is they will get back once the escalation is done.

Why should Google refund you based on just your word? Agreed, but this wasn't a case of product delivered, but I am contesting it is not. It wasn't even as if UPS just forgot to scan the package at the time of delivery. They haven't scanned it since it reached their warehouse. I agree they still need to do a thorough investigation to find what exactly happened to the package, but it certainly isn't a case of them delivering it, and me saying I haven't received it.

Why do I want a refund and not replacement? Because I would like to go out and buy a phone from somewhere else, and not wait for a replacement to be shipped. At this stage, I don't even want an immediate refund, I just need realistic timelines, so I know that if this is not refunded by my next billing cycle, how will I manage my finances if I buy another phone.

Why did I not buy it from BestBuy or Carrier in the first place if I was in such rush? Because neither of them had the Sorta Sage in stock, and I didn't anticipate that Google would take this long to get me a phone. In retrospect, yes, I would have just gone with the all Black, but at the time, I didn't anticipate this.

For all who are suggesting I am just trying to defraud Google. If even there is a way to defraud a company like Google (it's everywhere), it realistically would have taken a huge coordinated effort to pull something like this off. And all this for a phone??? Well, it's a possibility, but a very unrealistic one.