https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/n3trhi/pixel_2_died_a_brutal_death_help_please_repair/

Pixel 2 died a brutal death - help please! Repair? Replace?

Who knew my first ever Reddit post would be so thrilling...

I've been using my Pixel 2 for a few years and it's been great! No issues at all.

A few days ago I dropped it and the screen cracked - my first thought was I was surprised it had taken me so long to break the screen, I'm notoriously bad for this. The damage looked fairly minimal as far as broken screens go, and I figured I had a few days/a week or two before I needed to sort it out. But over the next few hours the screen started turning purple. I should have used this as a good opportunity to back the phone up but I didn't think it would become unusable so quickly!

I went to bed and was still able to use it to send messages and set my alarm for the next morning, but awoke to find the phone had died in the night. (Yes I was late for work due to no alarm). That morning it was still able to power up - in that the Google logo appeared but then the screen went blank suddenly. This happened three or four times, after which the Google logo stopped appearing and the phone is now completely dead.

When I plug it into my portable charger, the charger registers it, but I can't get any response from the phone (no vibration when powering up as usual etc).

My question is, what do I do now? Is it worth repairing the screen? It's quite expensive (in the UK) for what the phone is worth, and given that the phone won't turn on right now, will repairing the screen fix that? We've had a good innings and battery life was getting pretty shit, but I don't know when the last back up was and I'd be gutted to lose a few months' worth of photos, messages etc. (Although need to check if Google Photos was doing automatic backups).

Should I just cut my losses and get a new Pixel? If so, what do people recommend? I'm too broke to drop the big P's for the 5 and hear the 4 is pretty shit...

Really just need some help making this decision haha. Thanks in advance :)