https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/mtka08/pixel_service_is_crap/

pixel service is crap

 

Our Son Ricky loves Pixel phones, but at least with our experience the phones do not love us.

Ricky’s first phone was a Pixel at about a year the battery crapped out on it. So we got him a Pixel 2XL

and he absolutely loved the phone until, one day it just shut off and restarted endlessly, they call it boot loop.

Anyway it was over a year and out of warranty so he purchased a Pixel 3, and it was also good for a little over the one year warranty, and then it’s battery got so bad he had to basically run from charger to charger to use it.

This led us to him purchasing a his last and current phone the Pixel 4XL.

This phone on December 15th of 2020 would not charge, when you plugged it in to the charger it showed a battery symbol with a question mark in it and would not stay on if you disconnected it from the charger (by the way the warranty expired on December 12th).

When I went online to the Google repair center for that model phone it said if there was a battery issue it was covered on an additional one year warranty, so I went through the steps and had them send me a box and we returned it for repair.

A little over a week went by and I received an email stating that they checked it out and discovered that

in addition to the battery issue there was an audio issue and asked for $122.00 plus tax to repair it.

I knew there was no audio issue so I declined the repair and requested it to be returned and ordered a new OEM battery from Amazon.

When it arrived I went to disassemble it to replace the battery only to find out that they had disassembled it and because I declined the repair sent it back missing the parts they removed to check it out like screws, and an important part called the battery connection plate.

So I purchased screws, could not find the plate online, so manufactured one myself and got the phone working like new, no audio issue whatsoever, but this whole issue infuriated me and I went on a quest to get this resolved, my time, my patience, my money spent repairing my sons phone when they should have under the warranty they stated.

30 emails later almost 45 days of reexplaining the issue to whomever they passed me onto, after promising to escalate this to the highest person in the repair department my final email from them stated were sorry for your inconvenience and here is a $25.00 credit to use as you please.

So my advise to everyone who is considering a Pixel phone is “Don’t waste your time, and hard earned money”