https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/n6v4kq/pixel_sent_for_repair_is_in_limbo_ups_and_google/

Pixel sent for repair is in limbo; UPS and Google answers differ and change

I made the mistake of sending a Pixel phone for repair — by UPS using a shipping label created by Google — in order not to void the guarantee. The package does not arrive to the repair centre. UPS tells me at first that is has reappeared but later says that there are no news about the package and that an investigation must be opened; at times they tell me that I can do it myself and at times that it must be done by the creator of the shipping label. Google alternates several times between two stories: one is that UPS has told their experts that the package is on the way; the other is that the package is lost, which is a third-party problem that they can do nothing about. I give a little more detail below. Do you have any suggestions?

2021-03-17: I send the package via UPS using the label generated by Google a few days back.

2021-03-30: I call UPS because tracking stopped about a week back but they tell me there was another sighting on 2020-03-28 and that the package should arrive by the following week.

2021-04-05: The package hasn't arrived and the UPS tracking page says that it is time to open an investigation. I contact Google to see if they can look into it and they say they can.

2021-04-14: I am told that the news from the Google experts is that the package is on the way.

2021-04-19/20: I call UPS and they say the package continues without update and that there are no investigations open and that I should open one via the web, so I contact Google.

2021-04-22: Google now tells me that the package seems lost and that since the issue is with a third party they can do nothing about it. I write back asking them for explanations and not to shrug off something that they are best suited to look into.

2021-04-26: Since I didn't generate the shipping label I cannot open a UPS investigation but I call and they tell me that they can alternatively do it by phone and that they will call me back in seven to ten days.

2021-04-29: Google writes back and in one message insists on saying that nothing can be done and in another that UPS promises to deliver the package.

2021-05-07: I call UPS; they tell me that there is no sign of the package, that there is no investigation going on, that the phone claim procedure they told me about does not exist, and that it must be the creator of the label who opens the investigation. I write to Google forwarding them this information. The story continues …