https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/n7kvrf/my_journey_from_the_fold_2_to_the_pixel_4_xl/

My journey from the Fold 2 to the Pixel 4 XL

I'm a Google/Android fanboy. My Google account was created when Gmail was invite-only beta, and I started my Android journey with the original Motorola Droid running Android Froyo (2.2).

It wasn't long before I went straight to the source and bought a Nexus 4 on release. I still have that phone and I fired it up the other day... It still operates with buttery smoothness, with no hiccups or lagging!

I continued with Nexus and held onto my Nexus 6P up until the release of the Galaxy Note 8, when I hopped on the Samsung train. I did have my complaints, but the beautiful display convinced me to stick around. Then I went full-on fanatic-mode and bought the original Fold, upgrading to the Fold 2 one year later.

I was pumped about the Fold 2. It is the most gorgeous phone you will ever see in your life and having that mesmerizing display fit in your pocket is...something else! However, it would be my last Samsung. Why? 

Optimization. I do always give my phone's hardware a workout, but this was never a problem with Nexus. My Fold 2, on the other hand, was riddled with hiccups and lagging. Sometimes, it would dead lock up for multiple seconds! While I fully admit that I do not make it easy for my phone to keep up with me, the Galaxy Fold 2 definitely had the hardware that should have made that not a problem. But it was, and I finally got fed up, sold it and did some research before I bought a used Pixel 3 XL to see if it could keep up with me... My friends thought I was crazy (all of which use Samsung and all of which have at least one complaint about them).

But it did keep up with me. I cannot remember a single time that the Pixel 3 XL lagged or hiccuped. It was a pleasure to use and the one and only thing I wanted that it didn't have was a display above 60Hz, so I got the 4 XL.

The Pixel 4 XL doesn't have the best Snapdragon. It doesn't have 5G. It doesn't have a 7-inch display. It is, however, the most smoothly operating device I have ever used and more smart, dependable and useful than anything on Samsung's roster!